vehicle spying now has integrated
support for ISO 14 2 to 9 Diagnostics or
UDS there are several views you can use
with Diagnostics we'll start with the
ECU's view the ECU's view allows you to
create view and edit request and
response addresses DIDS routines DTC's
and pre-configured diagnostic jobs from
your OD X file the snapshot view is a
simple to use tool for most diagnostic
tasks check and clear codes reading and
writing DIDS and the new feature bus
query in bus query you can configure a
list of ECU's and the standard list of
dids to request from each one then click
one button and vehicle spy will check
for the presence of all ECU's in your
list and automatically read its from all
present ECU's check and clear codes can
be done with a simple click of the
button choose physical to pick a single
ECU or functional to clear all ECU's on
the bus reading and writing DIDS
is simple in the snapshot view simply
look at the list of DIDS click the one
you want and the did is automatically
read you can also edit DIDS
then click the Update button to write
the did
the Diagnostics and diagnostic setup
views are for building and using
diagnostic jobs individually you can
access all predefined jobs from the odx
file including i/o control jobs and
security access the message history for
each job you run is shown at the bottom
of the window and the full
interpretation of the messages is shown
to the right of the job list
vehicle escape allows you to capture
Diagnostics data normal mode data and
even CCP data simultaneously for
instance you can grab speedometer
pointer position and other values and
vehicle scape automatically sets up the
diagnostic requests and responses
vehicle scape also has a stand-alone
data logger setup for quick and easy
setup of our device as a stand-alone
data logger for diagnostics CCP and
normal mode messages
for more information or to get a
demonstration of our ISO features for
your application please contact intrepid
control systems
you